Update getting started docs (#148)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-developer-hub.github.io: docs/getting-started/installing-substrate.md

title: "Installing Substrate"
---

> Following ways to install Substrate assume you are running Mac OS, Arch, or a Debian-based OS like Ubuntu. For Windows users, you can try it [here](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate#612-windows).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are instructions to install Substrate for Mac OS, Arch, or a Debian-based OS like Ubuntu. For Windows users, you can try it [here](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate#612-windows).
```

We should probably port the Windows installation instructions to our docs.

Author: I haven't tested the Windows part, will add it later once fully test it.

## Fast Installation

> If you plan to create your own blockchain, then run this simple one-liner:

Reviewer: This is not so accurate.

The `--fast` flag can be used to simply install all the dependencies needed to build Substrate projects.

This includes:
- A package manager
- Open SSL
- CMAKE
- LLVM
- Substrate-Up scripts

You can see that all here: https://getsubstrate.io/

The only thing this wont do is compile and install a substrate node into your `cargo/bin`

Author: Great pickup.

```bash
curl https://getsubstrate.io -sSf | bash -s -- --fast
```

This command will install the [substrate-up](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate-up) commands for creating your own nodes and modules.

This is the most common way to start your Substrate's journey.

## Full Installation

> If you want to experience the latest Substrate's features and **have a good internet connection**, then run command:

Reviewer: So this should simply say that if you want to have a local copy of the latest Substrate Testnet Node and a copy of Subkey, you should install Substrate without the `--fast` flag.

Author: The `Substrate Testnet` confused me a bit, if we view Substrate as a framework, there is less value to emphasis a testnet. 
I have done a refactor with the suggestion "without the `--fast flag`".

Reviewer: What I mean by "substrate testnet node" is the contents in this folder: https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/tree/master/node

This folder is a working node, which if you run, will connect you to Flaming Fir, the Substrate Testnet.

When you install without the fast flag, we produce a binary called "substrate" which if you run, will connect you to that test net.

Author: Thanks for the clear explanation. 
The value of substrate command which based the node is to help user try the Substrate framework, no more other values IMO. Do we really want to detail the Substrate Testnet in the `Full Installation` section?
I also don't think testnet is a good word for such thing, I prefer testbed or blockchain demo.

```bash
curl https://getsubstrate.io -sSf | bash
```

This command will:
* Install latest [subkey](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/tree/master/subkey) which generate or restore the keys used for Substrate chains.
* Install latest Substrate [node](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/tree/master/node) for you to have a taste of all the available Substrate's features.

> * Install the [substrate-up](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate-up) scripts for quickly creating your own nodes and modules.

Reviewer: So then there is a mix of items here which also apply to the script above.

> It will take 20 ~ 40 minutes to finish, depends on your hardware and network connection. Once it is done, check that Substrate is properly installed by running `substrate --version`. You should see something like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will take 20 to 40 minutes to finish, depending on your hardware and network connection. Once it is done, check that Substrate is properly installed by running `substrate --version`. You should see something like this:
```
